you
hi I'm David Mills that neighborhood
music school and we have started a new
course where we call it singing and
strumming the idea is for all those
young kids between ages of six and nine
that want to play like guitar hero how
do you let them right away get the
feeling of strumming away on a guitar so
we use um we take ukuleles this is one
of the fender you ways which nicely
looks like a guitar or the Telecaster
headstock and we use just three strings
so we can do simple chord formations and
in this case you know I'm going to lose
and you see I have formation anymore I
have another for c6 or denied
there we have a seat so there's only two
formations through the whole song and
that's all there it takes and then the
kids sing along and then we start them
on doing a little over dry
and the kids get a feel for flying
little bit of rhythm goes right out of
the gate
you